Add unnified logging system tests for macOS (#1392)
wazuh/wazuh-qa: docs/tests/integration/test_logcollector/test_macos/index.md

# Test macOS

## Overview 

> Wazuh macOS agent allow gather unnified logging system events. These tests ensure logcollector works correctly with this

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Wazuh macOS agent allows gathering unified logging system events. These tests ensure logcollector works correctly with this
```
